like I don't think we're gonna do well
it worked right now like just like the
way we play so I think we still need to
improve well it is the eighth week of
LCS I'm switching from my sunglasses to
my regular glasses cuz it's getting to
be that time of day I'm joined right now
by X min the--we're rushing through an
interview because he's got someplace to
be
this coverage of course brought to you
by only slash xmithie where do you have
to be I have to do features for Riot
Games yeah we can't make you late for
that
did you go to hard summer no are you
going to hard summer arts already passed
okay I didn't know if it was one of
those two-week things but I'd heard a
rumor that you went and in the past
we've discussed how you go to these
shows you always started to figure out
something that there's nothing going on
well these days I'm gonna catch you
explicitly gonna be like a paparazzi
like like I was gonna be like this
yeah well I don't go to festivals anyway
so you're never gonna catch me you've
never been to a festival like a rock
festival in the Philippines
okay so you've never been to a festival
in the US like a lie
anyway let's talk about some other stuff
so team likely it looks like they're on
the rise you guys seems to have you seem
to have figured out your stuff ah yeah
it's still pretty Rocky pretty shaky I
don't think I don't think it's like I
don't think we're gonna do well it
worked right now like just like the way
we play so I think we still need to
improve okay what what is missing um I
think just adapting more and then just
like our decision like just immediately
like our immediate decision is like
pretty slow like but we if you have a
plan we usually like pretty good at it
but just without like just like on a
reactionary we're still pretty pretty
bad okay cuz it just like at one point
in time objects seem to be okay and then
you just suddenly turn it on and it
feels like that's how a lot of Team
Liquid games go where it's just like
things look kind of weird and selling
boom there we go
yeah you can either go both ways - I
think we have some games that you can
just decide on one teamfight and then if
we play really bad
like we usually lose and I don't think
that's our I don't think it's a right
way to play I think we should have like
a concrete plan every time and then we
should be ready to adapt what are your
what are the teams that you are
concerned about um I think the teams
that I think c9 right now they look
pretty strong but I still think they
kind of have like a one-dimensional play
style where they just have a pretty
strong carry a jungle and they have
support top sometimes mid but they're
doing pretty well at it and then yeah
they're pretty strong right now so we
shouldn't actually ever underestimate
them at all I think they're like third
place or not fourth place they're
climbing yeah they're pretty high up
it's hard cuz like everybody's tied so
it's like it's fourth place might be
last place and endlessly great now music
they won today and then we're playing
against them tomorrow so we're hoping to
break their streak okay are you worried
worried I'm always worried like there's
always things that can go wrong every
every teamfight or every game like today
like I got first bloatedness but yeah
stuff happens okay again we're trying to
make this kind of quick but I have a
question for you so I was joking about
this with probably earlier where I'm
like yeah every time around this every
two years around this time playoffs
hitting Worlds hit and a new WoW
expansion hits and everyone for accept
and then Peter told me you don't ever
even ever played wow I've never played
well and you played like every other MMO
out there like mmm all free-to-play
memos and you just don't want to play
pay the money I didn't have money before
that's why I didn't play but now right
now as like doesn't look up healing at
all I don't like the I like though I
like the cinematics like as I used to
play dota like one and then I played the
campaign before when I was like 10 years
old five years old and yeah like I like
lore but it doesn't look like fine
playing it's just I don't have the
nostalgia factor you know very good so
you're you're good because this was what
I'm trying to construct a profile of
which teams are at risk for losing their
their strengths because of World of
Warcraft and gonna make an LCS guild or
something yeah I mean the LCS killed oh
you're in but you're not a yes player so
it's not all LCS players it's like a
bunch of people from around
yes oh okay okay yeah I'm trying to
exclude me what I want to be in the girl
who didn't everything's I'm so true but
I am in the guild you know who else is
in there Tony he's got a lot of free
time these days you don't know that were
you surprised to know that why he might
be he might be joining a team I mean I
do know that because when I log on he's
on there just hanging out in dark Shores
yes afk in the game he's talking in
guilt chat yeah I was on the other day
he's like Travis is that you looking for
for like things like well he while he's
doing interviews and like all these like
team's top teams Korean team maybe even
Korean teams join so what was your
reaction when they they like oh of
toning um I was really surprised I even
like commented on it like holy
Oh kind of curse that day about her I
like holy I like I didn't think
Tony was a problem at all I gave him one
we were playing when we were slumping
when I was in CLG I'm Tony was actually
like the one that always like encourages
like arguments are just things to work
on like he was he would always like the
problem-solver yeah and I was gonna
surprise that they are the management
where the players like decided on
benching him so well where do you think
he's gonna end up mmm
judging um like all the coaches right
now there's not a lot of like really top
tier coaches right now he's up for like
a couple lots of opportunity for him
yeah like I think TSM coding is pretty
good but usually they have that like
kind of like barrier like language
buried that they can have and maybe Tony
can help or maybe even CG like David
just got bench also and there's and then
the coaching stop for GG is just their
golden car games just got so there's a
lot of a lot of opportunities I guess
pretty good anything you want to say to
any of your fans out there um thank you
I guess like
that's it you can take out the rest of
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel look they
have interviews done I don't me slash
supported it that's really cool
appreciate those guys a lot but you know
what I would appreciate there's a twitch
link in the description it's twitch link
in the description it's my twitch
channel try to grow that you might have
already subscribed to my youtube channel
but go hit that link and then follow me
there by the way I take your Amazon
Prime's too if your interest in that but
go follow me on Twitch so that you can
check out some of the new live coverage
and cool stuff that I'm trying to do
over there as well and again thanks so
much to a massage that was really really
nice to them